so I make up from 6:00 to 6:30 in the
morning depending on how late I was
reading the night before then of course
I will get my school uniform out and get
dressed and I will make my bed
I like to open the window and just have
a breath of fresh air before I start the
day I just think it really wakes me up
so then I'll go to the bathroom and I'll
open the shutters and then I will wash
my hands because I am to be my contact
lenses I've got very bad eyesight
then of course I'm brush my teeth
because that is essential
I usually take two bits of hair and I
tie these up before doing my ponytail I
just feel it looks a lot smarter than
just doing a normal ponytail the extent
of makeup that I wear to school are my
favorite pumpkin pie lip balm and a hand
cream just because otherwise my hands
get so dry
the breakfast I decided to have a piece
of seeded pitabread antennas and my
favorite coconut rice milk in my Matilda
month
and of course I read who doesn't read
the breakfast-table my reading
expedition continues for the rest of the
morning until I have to leave school
sometimes I decide to do schoolwork
during this time but usually I just
aloud from reading then I'll put my
blazer on and get my bad which may pack
the night before and then I'm off to
school